Update readme (#62)
googlestadia/performance-layers: README.md

    && ninja install
```

> `CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE` options are: `Release, Debug, RelWithDebInfo, MinSizeRel`

Reviewer: nit: add a `.` at the end of the sentence. Also, surround each with build type with its own set of ticks, e.g., `A`, `B`, `C`.

See [docker/build.Dockerfile](docker/build.Dockerfile) for detailed Ubuntu build instructions.

## Enabling the layers:

> To enable the performance layers, set these environent variables:

Reviewer: These steps are linux-specific. What do you think about saying something like this: `To enable performance layers on linux, set the environment variables listed below. For other platforms, see the article layer configuration <link>.`?

> `$LD_LIBRARY_PATH`: Need to append the directory containing the .so files of performance layers to the `$LD_LIBRARY_PATH`.

Reviewer: Another solution is to copy layers `.so`s an existing directory listed in `LD_LIBRARY_PATH` (and potentially some system lib dirs?)

```
export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=<path-with-layers.so>:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH
```
`$VK_INSTANCE_LAYERS`: Specify which layers from the following set to enable.
1. VK_LAYER_STADIA_pipeline_compile_time

> 2. VK_LAYER_STADIA_pipeline_runtime

Reviewer: nit: we can repeat `1.` for each item and markdown will automatically generate correct indices. This way we don't have to worry we get them wrong if we add more items to the list in the future.

3. VK_LAYER_STADIA_pipeline_cache_sideload
4. VK_LAYER_STADIA_pipeline_memory_usage
5. VK_LAYER_STADIA_pipeline_frame_time

> To enable multiple layers, you can separated them using colon. The following command enables compile time and runtime layers. 

Reviewer: nit: s/you can separate them using colon/separate them with colons

```
export VK_INSTANCE_LAYERS=VK_LAYER_STADIA_pipeline_compile_time:VK_LAYER_STADIA_pipeline_runtime
```

> `VK_LAYER_PATH`: Path to the directory containing the json files with the name of the layers. 

Reviewer: Or as an alternative, we could look up the implicit layer search paths used by the vulkan loader and add json files there.

``` 
export VK_LAYER_PATH=<path-with-layer-json>
```

> `VK_PERFORMANCE_LAYERS_EVENT_LOG_FILE`: Path to the file in which the logs will be written. 

Reviewer: Layers can also produce logs to layer-specific log files. This is described at the top of the readme.

```
export VK_PERFORMANCE_LAYERS_EVENT_LOG_FILE=<log-file-path>
```

> To check whether the layers are enabled, you can run a sample vulkan application (like `vkcube`) and check the log file specified in the `$VK_PERFORMANCE_LAYERS_EVENT_LOG_FILE`.

Reviewer: s/vulkan/Vulkan

## Useful links

> [This links](https://vulkan.lunarg.com/doc/view/1.3.211.0/linux/layer_configuration.html) is also useful regarding the layer configuration.

Reviewer: nit: maybe something like:
```
*  Layer configuration: <link>
```

this way we won't hide the exact URL and readers can conclude it's trustworthy because it comes from lunarg. I personally wouldn't say the link is useful, I don't think we should evaluate/rank/judge external resources.

See [docker/build.Dockerfile](docker/build.Dockerfile) for detailed Ubuntu build instructions.

## Enabling the layers:

> For operating systems other than Linux, please visite the following article. https://vulkan.lunarg.com/doc/view/1.3.211.0/linux/layer_configuration.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For operating systems other than Linux, see: https://vulkan.lunarg.com/doc/view/1.3.211.0/linux/layer_configuration.html or the documentation from your Vulkan SDK vendor.
```

Reviewer: Do you know if there is some alternative link to this doc not specific to version 1.3.211.0? I mean something that always points to the latest one.

``` 
export VK_LAYER_PATH=<path-with-layer-json>
```

### Path to the log files: 
Each layer writes its results in a specific log file. You can determine the path to the log file for each layer by setting its corresponding environment variable.

```
export VK_COMPILE_TIME_LOG=<log-file-path>
```

> To check if the layers are enabled, you can run a sample Vulkan application (such as `vkcube`) and look at the log files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check if the layers are enabled, you can run a sample Vulkan application (such as `vkcube`) and look for the generated layer log files, or check the [Vulkan loader logs](https://github.com/KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Loader/blob/master/docs/LoaderInterfaceArchitecture.md#table-of-debug-environment-variables).
```

> ## External Links

Reviewer: We already have it at the top, I think we can remove this subsection
